Update custom-prom.md (#583)
kubecost/docs: custom-prom.md

In Kubecost, you can view basic diagnostic information for Prometheus metrics by selecting _Settings_ in the left navigation, then scrolling down to Prometheus Status, as seen below:

![Prometheus status diagnostic](./images/prom-status.png)

### Data Retention

> By default metric retention is 91 days, Howerver the retenion of data can be further increased with a configurable value for a property **etlDailyStoreDurationDays**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, metric retention is 91 days, however the retention of data can be further increased with a configurable value for a property **etlDailyStoreDurationDays**
```
